A case or another we've been told my school and my school work Benge Let's start typing off first escrowed
queries.
So the first thing we want to do is we actually want to go into a root user.
And we one on the left hand side we want to go to users on Privileges and we want to select a dev user
which we'll be using for the rest of the course.
We want to go to administrative roles and you can see everything's on tigs and we want to grunt's the
views views the role of DVA which is the same as the user.
So we want to take this first box here and now the dev user is going to have all the same rights as
the root user.
So he's going to be out to create databases and tables and delete stuff.
So that's what we want to do.
And then we want to click apply and then we can exit out of our root user and we can go to our user
and now we can start typing our first escrowed statements.
So the first scroll statement that we want to type is show databases and this is going to show us all
the databases we have created.
So you can see here we have four databases which are automatically created when you install my school
and none of them are very useful.
So what we want to do is we want to create our own database and to do that we need to create a database
followed by the database name.
So for this video we're just going to cool that test.
So a test database and let's run that statement and you can see how successful.
So let's show database's again and you can see now we have this test database at the bottom here.
So that's how we create databases.
And now we want to go into our test database and to do that we need to use test and run.
And now we're actually inside our test database.
So now let's right show tables and this will show all the tables within our test database
and here you can see in the results it says tables in test and it's blank.
And that's because we haven't created any tables yet within our test database.
We're not going to do that for now.
So the final query we want to run in this video and this introduction video is how to delete databases
and to do that we type drop database followed by the database name.
Celestially our test database and run that statement
and you can see down here that it runs successfully.
So now let's show you databases again and you can see we're back to just having all four databases from
before.
OK so that's it for this video in the next section we're going to create a new database and we're going
to be creating our first tables as well.
So you see you in the next section.